
kicking range in self-defence
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iWaH2iVwgYQ

kicking:

Ranges
    of different parts of the body
    from closest to farthest:
        clinch
        elbow
            elbow range
        knees
        punching
            push out of frame range
                stiff jab range
                    jab range
        kicking range
                    close kicking range
                        side kick out of frame range
                            side kick to the chest range

Uses of kicks and movements:
    push
    direct
        steering the opponent
    jab
        frontal attack
    thrust kick
        closer

The fighiting range is what's important
    the rest of the ranges are the tools

# Jab
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jab
Jab range

# kick

wales tang soo do (WTSDA) Kicktionary (200 kicks)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NTFvuSk2rVQ

# boxing numbers

Intro to heavy bag boxing punch numbers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6DLSxuxUtGI

Mike tyson punches by the numbers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aUhDnes01j8

what are the punch numbers in boxing?
https://www.quora.com/What-are-the-punch-numbers-in-boxing

beginner's guide to the six basic boxing punches
https://punchingbagsguide.com/basic-boxing-punches-guide/

johnny's punching combination list
https://www.expertboxing.com/boxing-strategy/punch-combinations/johnnys-punching-combinations-list

7 basic boxing combinations
https://www.expertboxing.com/boxing-basics/how-to-box/7-basic-boxing-combinations

boxing numbering systems?
https://www.mixedmartialarts.com/forums/Boxing/Boxing-numbering-systems:1594209

the six punches of the boxing numbering system - coach king
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FwuF8UeLAbQ

# ranges

range structure defense 4d combat bob breen
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5yuXV5VwwXw

Understanding body momentum- Martial arts combative principles
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qyFvn7TYRjA

body dynamics for close range striking in traditional karate
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mSFkWR6Z94o

three ranges of motion / power generation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XENfx9UvKU4

distance and range in fighting - episode #53
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vdGUgIS-mZo

learn the different ranges of combat | special forces close combat techniques | tactical rifleman
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RcKK99NgXt8

3 ways shorter fighters can close off range
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LKia0iCdHcE

# evasion

how to evade/dodge kicks: low, body, & head
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VdivZr3PeFg

how to block punches - 9 basic punch blocks | effective martial arts
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QA4m4Fe4HMo

# examples

Bruce lee real fight at karate tournament 1967
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Eyc438ArL-k

